Project by Claudio Leone and Paolo Napoli

- We created a program for a bank with the scope of manage the clients (or customers) data and their loans.
- The Bank has acces to the class of clients and their data (Name, Last Name, Tax Id Code (or Fiscal Code), Salary) and each client could have a Loan registered to their Tax Id code. Evey Loans have to contain the amount of money the bank has borrowed, the installment, the start date of the loan and it's end date.
- The Bank use a Manager class to "manage" all the methods of the bank. The bank is able to manage the data of the user, adding new client (method: AddClients), removing clients (RemoveClients), search a specific client with their Tax id code, and edit them (EditClient). With EditClient the bank is able to modify a specific data of the client without rewriting their whole data. The Bank can add multiple loans to a client (AddLoans) and search loans of a client (SearchLoans), it can even show how many loans a client has and the amount of money was given (PrintLoansStats). If wanted, the Bank use can show all the clients and their loans (SummaryTable).

- The program does a check of the files and create one if it doesn't exist. It read the files for the Clients and Loan Data and temporary save it. When the program it's about to be closed, it write all the temporary stored data back to the files. It could be argue that the files need to be saved right after it has been added, but we're assuming that the user close the program as intended. After all, it can be fixed by copying the method that write the files right after adding, editing or deleting a data.